feat: save file hash if it is available (#8041)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-03-28-save-file-hash-if-it-is-available.md

---
title: save fileHash if it is available
author: Sascha Heilmeier
author_email: sascha.heilmeier@netlogix.de
author_github: @scarbous
---
# Core

> * Added save `fileHash` independent of used `MetadataLoader` in media metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added saving of `fileHash` independently of the `MetadataLoader`, ensuring it is stored in media metadata, not just images.
```

> * Added map `fileHash` independent of a  `MetadataLoaderInterface` is supported

Reviewer: There seems to be a mistake here. I don't get what you wanna tell 🤔 Can you explain what you wanna say?

Author: I hope its better now.

The fileHash is generated for every file, but gets only saved for Images, because only this Type of assets have a `MetadataLoader`. This implementation does save the fileHash of a independent `MetadataLoader`

Reviewer: Ah, okay. Lemme suggest something, okay? Otherwise it looks nice so far!
